new resource `azurerm_elastic_san` (#23619)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/elastic_san.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Elastic SAN"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_elastic_san"
description: |-
  Manages a Azure Elastic SAN (Storage Area Network).
---

# azurerm_elastic_san

> Manages an Elastic SAN instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manages an Elastic SAN resource.
```

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = "example-resources"
  location = "West Europe"
}
resource "azurerm_elastic_san" "example" {
  name                          = "example"
  resource_group_name           = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  location                      = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  base_size_in_tib              = 1
  extended_capacity_size_in_tib = 2
  sku {
    name = "example-value"
  }
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of this Elastic SAN. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Resource Group within which this Elastic SAN should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Elastic SAN should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `base_size_in_tib` - (Required) Base size of the Elastic SAN appliance in TiB. Possible value is integer between `1` and `100`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `base_size` - (Required) Specifies the base size of the Elastic SAN resource in TiB. Possible values are between `1` and `100`.
```

> * `extended_capacity_size_in_tib` - (Required) Extended size of the Elastic SAN appliance in TiB. Possible value is integer between `1` and `100`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `extended_size` - (Required) Specifies the extended size of the Elastic SAN resource in TiB. Possible values are between `1` and `100`.
```

* `sku` - (Required) A `sku` block as defined below.

> * `zones` - (Optional) Logical zone for the Elastic SAN resource. Changing this forces a new Elastic SAN to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `zones` - (Optional) Logical zone for the Elastic SAN resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

> -> **NOTE** `zones` cannot be specified if `sku.name` is set to `Premium_ZRS`.

Reviewer: Could you add a validation in `customize_diff` or `Create()`?

> * `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Elastic SAN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Elastic SAN resource.
```

---

The `sku` block supports the following arguments:

* `name` - (Required) The SKU name. Possible values are `Premium_LRS` and `Premium_ZRS`.

> -> **NOTE** `Premium_ZRS` SKU is currently only available in several Azure regions, please see the [link](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/updates/regional-expansion-azure-elastic-san-public-preview-is-now-available-in-more-regions/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE** `Premium_ZRS` SKU is only available in limited Azure regions including Australia East, Southeast Asia, France Central, North Europe, Sweden Central, UK South, West Europe, East US, East US 2, South Central US, West US 2, and West US 3. Please refer to this [document](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/updates/regional-expansion-azure-elastic-san-public-preview-is-now-available-in-more-regions/) for more details.
```

> -> **NOTE** `Premium_ZRS` SKU is only available in limited Azure regions including `France Central`, `North Europe`, `West Europe`, and `West US 2`. Please refer to this [document](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/updates/regional-expansion-azure-elastic-san-public-preview-is-now-available-in-more-regions/) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE** `Premium_ZRS` SKU is only available in limited Azure regions including `France Central`, `North Europe`, `West Europe`, and `West US 2`. Please refer to this [document](https://azure.microsoft.com/updates/regional-expansion-azure-elastic-san-public-preview-is-now-available-in-more-regions) for more details.
```

* `tier` - (Optional) The SKU tier. The only possible value is `Premium`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

> * `id` - The ID of the Elastic SAN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `id` - The ID of the Elastic SAN resource.
```

> * `total_iops` - Total Provisioned IOps of the Elastic SAN appliance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `total_iops` - Total Provisioned IOps of the Elastic SAN resource.
```

> * `total_mbps` - Total Provisioned MBps Elastic SAN appliance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `total_mbps` - Total Provisioned MBps Elastic SAN resource.
```

> * `total_size_in_tib` - Total size of the Elastic SAN appliance in TB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `total_size` - Total size of the Elastic SAN resource in TB.
```

> * `total_volume_size_in_gib` - Total size of the provisioned Volumes in GiB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `total_volume_size` - Total size of the provisioned Volumes in GiB.
```

> * `volume_group_count` - Total number of volume groups in this Elastic SAN appliance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `volume_group_count` - Total number of volume groups in this Elastic SAN resource.
```

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

> * `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating this Elastic SAN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating this Elastic SAN resource.
```

> * `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting this Elastic SAN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting this Elastic SAN resource.
```

> * `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving this Elastic SAN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving this Elastic SAN resource.
```

> * `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating this Elastic SAN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating this Elastic SAN resource.
```

---

# azurerm_elastic_san

Manages an Elastic SAN resource.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = "example-resources"
  location = "West Europe"
}
resource "azurerm_elastic_san" "example" {
  name                 = "example"
  resource_group_name  = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  location             = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  base_size_in_tib     = 1
  extended_size_in_tib = 2
  sku {
    name = "example-value"
  }
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of this Elastic SAN resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Resource Group within which this Elastic SAN resource should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Elastic SAN resource should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `base_size_in_tib` - (Required) Specifies the base size of the Elastic SAN resource in TiB. Possible values are between `1` and `100`.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE** When updating `base_size_in_tib`, the new value should be greater than the existing one.
```

> * `extended_size_in_tib` - (Required) Specifies the extended size of the Elastic SAN resource in TiB. Possible values are between `1` and `100`.

Reviewer: Optional ?

> -> **NOTE** `base_size_in_tib` and `extended_size_in_tib` cannot be reduced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE** `extended_size_in_tib` cannot be removed and when updating, the new value should be greater than the existing one.
```
